Next Milestone == ??

Changelog
---------
Added: Option to toggle mode of combined tag/trait filtering between AND and OR. (Allows for things such as tag=chuunibyou heroine OR trait=personality>chuunibyou)
Added: Logging of features on begin and end. Only with -debug.
Added: Indicators of when tag/trait filters are active.
Added: Command line parameters, described below.
Added: Tooltips for VNs.
Fixed: All batch SQLite inserts/updates made into transactions.
Changed: Removed "Loaded" field of Favorite producer.
Changed: Direct command requires to click on send button (instead of enter key)
Added: User can add titles in his vnlist to user-defined groups, he can then list titles by group.
Added: User can add/change notes to titles in his vnlist, these notes/groups are saved to vnlist on VNDB.org so only titles in vnlist can take them.
Added: Name of feature being used is shown in API Status panel.
Removed: Database messages from log
Changed: update title data - days between updates based on time since title released: <6 months or by favorite producer = 7 days; 6 mon - 1 year = 14 days; 1-2 years = 28 days; 2-10 years = 56 days;10+ years = not updated;
Added: update tags/traits is now update title data and also updates stats, does not update 10+ year old titles if limit10year option is on, unless they are by favorite producers
Fixed: placement of unreleased vns.
Fixed: various things in favorite producer section (incl. do not count vns w/o votes for average rating)
-1.3.8 released-
Changed: all data stored by program now goes into 'Stored Data' folder
Changed: SQLITE file from 'VNDBPC-database.sqlite' to 'Happy-Search-Local-DB.sqlite'
Added: method to get cover images of vns whose images weren't found (not vns without images)
fixed: minor bug in bool condition, was downloading dumpfiles everytime
-1.3.6 released-
added: a way to connect without SSL/TLS.
-1.3.5 released-
changed: maximum 5 tries to get dump files, otherwise use default.
changed: DisplayCommonTags now doesn't run on top of itself (new instance stops the previous one)
added: check if certificate received is for api.vndb.org
added: certificates to authenticate connection
changed: UpdateURT methods now use upsert
added: stop trying to open connection after 5 tries.
fixed: opening vn form while throttling will no longer show 'deleted vn'
added: output messages to message.log
-1.3.1 released-
fixed: refresh list while updating urt list
removed: popularity from vn tiles
fixed: null strings in anime json object
added: general rating to favorite producers (as opposed to the user's average rating)
changed: update tags to update tags and traits
added: control tags shown in vn form
-1.3 released-
added: relation field 'official' in vn form
added: character info in vn form
added: download/decompress and keep updated trait dump file
added: trait filtering system, filter by trait
added: get characters vns/traits upon first vn fetch
-1.2 released-
added: vn anime on vn form load (uses api)
added: vn screenshots on vn form load (uses api, saves to disk)
added: vn relations on vn form load (uses api)
added: list results help file
added: stats of vns in vn form and vn tiles
added: update title tags (only ones that havent been updated in over 7 days);
added: update titles to latest version of happy search
changed: 'list: wishlist titles' into dropdown list with each status = all/high/medium/low/blacklist, also added all to Userlist dropdown
added: safeguarding against deleted VNs
added: stats of VNs (popularity, rating, votecount)
-1.1 released-


Command Line Parameters
---------------
-debug:	will activate all params described below
-dl:	will log all database connections and commands to file
-am:	will log all api commands in the log section of the form (they are logged to file by default)

No Work
---------------
save general database in the internet and : send general info changes to database in the internet, get database changes from the internet
save settings to %localappdata%
handle abrupt exit, terminate api connection
add 'exclude tag' filters ? not so sure if needed
backup sqlite database!
split database into 2, one for general info (vnlist, producerlist) and another for user-specific (userlist, userprodlist)
merge feature to merge 2 databases, keeping most-recently-updated in case of same id
better vn character display?
--
let user know of any updates to happy search
--


Incomplete
---------------
await all db connections
include ul note in vn form

Completed (Feature List)
---------------
Searching:	
	vns by tag(s)
	vns by trait(s)
	vns by name
	vns by year of release
Quick Listing:
	 all titles
	 titles by favorite producers
	 titles with user-defined WL status
	 titles with user-defined UL status
	 titles by user-defined producer
	 titles in user-defined group
Quick Filtering:
	User-related titles
	unreleased
	blacklisted
	custom tag filters
	custom trait filters
Filtering
	Filter by vn's tags by adding a tag at a time
	Save list of active tag filters as a custom filter for re-use
	Filter by traits in vn's characters by adding a trait at a time
	Save list of active trait filters as a custom filter for re-use
User-settings:
	toggle for nsfw images
	auto update urt every 2 days
	limit all api queries to 10 years (e.g. only get titles under 10 years old, excludes searching by name and favorite producers)
VN Context Menu (right click)
	Change Userlist/Wishlist/Vote status
	Add producer to favorite producers
	Show titles by producer
VN Window (Left click a title in result list)
	Show all information stored about the title
	Update data with a single click
	Open browser with VNDB page of title
	Screenshots are saved to disk
	All windows can be closed with a button in the main window
Automatic File Downloading
	Tags and traits dump files are downloaded and decompressed automatically
	They will be automatically redownloaded if they don't exist or are corrupt
	They are kept up to date automatically (2 days)
Persistent Data
	User credentials incl. username/password
	User-settings
	Custom filters
Favorite Producers
	Show user's average vote and average drop rate
	Give suggestions based on titles finished
VN Tile
	Displays VN's title, producer, release date, user-related status, rating and popularity, also displays VN's cover image (saved to disk)
	Producer name will be yellow if it is a favorite producer
	Tile color is based on user-related status
Help Buttons
	Each section has a yellow help button to explain that section's functions



Currently Not Possible
-------------------------
add search by artist or search by voice actor (staff database not in api)
show "list not public" error if list is hidden (it can only happen if user is not logged in with username/pass)
make things pretty textured backgrounds (slows down loading form)